okay now there's no way that you're
going to be able to get to everybody in
North America and I'm telling you I'm
getting really excited about this
product not a lot I know a lot of people
at home are probably too you can't get
everywhere Chuck do you have any type of
a patterning kit where maybe people
could kind of do this in send you a
pattern they could send us a pattern we
recommend that they purchase one of our
inexpensive $15 template kits the
template kits going to allow them to
digitize the swim platform with a sheet
of Mylar that they lay down over the top
of it they can follow the the existing
non-skid pattern that's on there they
can lay it on a Ford Bauer if they want
to do that area you name it they can do
it on it they roll that pic like it back
up mail it back to us we then digitize
it make a CAD drawing email on the CAD
draw and they verify that that's the
right look that they want with the right
logo whatever they might want to do with
it and then we make the product to their
specifications what about for like the
boat builders would this be some type of
an added creature comfort to wear maybe
they could offer this to their customers
do they call you and ask you to bring in
the digitizing machine and use it as as
upsell materials sure sure we deal with
a number of OEMs whether they're
relatively large very large to the very
small a lot of the large manufacturers
will be able to email us a CAD drawing
of what they want to have made if they
don't have that capability we can go to
their facility digitize the boat do the
same thing we would do with a customer
and then we have their product on father
we can make from time and time and time
again chalk I know a lot of people are
going to want to know about this stuff
you have to give us a resource to learn
more about it to learn about the
templating process what do you have go
to our website wwwcom that's SE a de ke
kaam go to the blog you'll be able to
see hundreds of different applications
the things we've done unbelievable thank
you so much chucks hey right now we need
to take a very short time out but keep
it right here because when we come back
we're changing locations on you we're
going to head down other factory and
we're going to show you firsthand how to
see deck gets made it'll blow you away
cover it right after this Phil ktv will
be back in a flash instead of
traditional non-skid that is slippery
smelly or just plain uncomfortable your
boat demands that you stick it with C
deck the exceptionally comfortable EV a
foam alternative with an easy peel and
stick application fisherman wakeboarders
sailors scuba divers or anyone else on
board love it because the letter it gets
the more traction you get ctx great for
replacing smelly worn carpet or covering
up spider cracks and other surface
imperfections making your boat look like
new comfort you need traction you trust
order today welcome back you're tuned
into shipshape TV America's favorite
boat improvement show John this is the
laminating process where we're combining
two sheets of EV a material into one to
start the process manufacturing C deck
we've changed locations on you we're now
in rockledge Florida this is where they
make C deck and we have the thrill of
having the president of the company on
the program this is Kurt Wilson in Curt
you have a long history kind of of
making this foam okay from the surf
industry you brought it into boating but
C deck apparently is a couple of
different pieces of foam that are
somehow laminated together what do you
do to the foam to get it to stick to one
another we contact cement them with a
high-strength contacted adhesives so you
have to put this on both pieces of foam
roll it out roll it out like traditional
working with contact cement and then
they come together and they go into this
laminator and you laminate the two
together right all right now Chuck Yates
in tupper lake was showing me that these
samples of C deck actually have like
some type of a non-skid I'm not seeing
it on this phone and I want some
non-skid for the seats on my luma for
that's the next step in the process
after the laminating it will go into our
embossing process
which through the use of heat and
pressure we're able to apply that micro
dot texture as we call it to your your
products it resembles very much this is
almost like a traditional molded in
non-skid that a lot of voters are very
familiar with and comfortable with so
it's not just aesthetics it's also
giving you traction absolutely okay
chuck was telling me you kind of just
stick this down alright I don't see any
adhesive anywhere so where I can stick
anything down how do you how do you get
it to stick it's one of the great things
about C deck is that it's a
peel-and-stick application we use
pressure-sensitive adhesives to apply
see that list and is that again a
laminating process or is that an
embossing Rogers and a laminating
process to apply that PSA material to
this GV up in tupper lake your digitizer
was brought to the set and literally my
seats were digitized what do you do with
the information once you do have
somebody's boat digitized we bring the
digitizer back here to the factory it
goes into the computer design department
the digitizer is connected to ryans cpu
unit where that digitized informations
downloaded into his design software
cleaned up and converted into cut
patterns for our CNC equipment to use to
make the product and again if you don't
have the time or wherewithal to get to
somebody's boat or if you don't have the
manufacturers of you know drawings or
design or whatever you can send out my
lark its people can trace out what they
need on their swim platform send it to
you you digitize it here and and you do
the cutting process that stage it's
basically the same operate
what we're doing with your vote so you
import you import to digitize
information into your computer and
that's what gets it to talk to the
cutting apparatus right could you show
me some C deck getting cut shirt lead
the way